today's flake was directed by
pyeongchang min and was released in 2003
natural city is like the south korean
version of blade runner due to the movie
being based on the same book so at least
it must be a fun watch if you enjoy the
video please don't forget to like and
subscribe this video is just my personal
opinion and you should watch the film
you can find links to it in the
description natural city begins with a
guy and a girl sitting down on a bench
in front of a beautiful lake behind the
lake there are some castles and what
looks like a flying city while enjoying
the beautiful view a voice starts
talking and tells them they have 3
minutes to return to their residence the
voice repeats that phrase like 10 times
in the following minute if that was
annoying to me imagine how it was for
those guys suddenly the lake disappears
it was a simulation they are in what
seems to be an airport we see flashbacks
of the life of the girl we saw in the
first scene she's in a laboratory and
they're doing something to her she has a
chip implanted in her head the credits
are over and now the girl is in front of
her dad's grave her dad's last wish was
to be buried with a cyborg but she
wasn't so happy with that the scene ends
and we are now inside a spaceship
cypern77 a cyborg that disappeared a
year ago has broken into the medical
center with four of his cyborg friends
the medical center here is the place
where all the human dna is stored
obviously the guy from the lake is
called r and he is part of the police
that will try to regain the medical
center from the cyborgs it's important
to say that cyborgs are shaped like
humans when r and his team enter the
building a cyborg suddenly appears from
the water and attacks them they shoot
him several times until he's dead to
kill him they need to destroy the chip
he has on his head so no headshot no
party while the 10 man police force is
trying to kill one cyborg cyper n77 is
inside the facility to steal some dna
the dna he needs is from someone called
scion he is trying to find a match and
he finally does as the police arrive
before arriving at the room where cyprus
is stealing the files there is a long
foggy corridor how convenient cyber
begins to crawl through the mist and out
of nowhere he she it whatever a guy is
dead everyone is freaked out because
they can't see cyprus kills two or three
more guys and then he starts running yes
he is a robot and he's very fast but i
can't believe how he was surrounded by
10 guys and still escaped so easily
while the police are having a bad time
trying to catch sniper r is at the
building entrance stealing the chip of
one of the dead cyborgs and thinking
about all the money he will win by
selling it on the black market cyper
runs for his life when he passes next
war he takes advantage of the situation
and kills him he was helpful after all
after being the hero of the raid he goes
to see a guy that is creating a robot r
asks him if he can save ria ria is a
cyborg and she will stop working soon r
fell in love with her he wants to fix
her so they can live together so
romantic and so creepy as well okay now
seems a good time to introduce the world
society is so technologically advanced
that they make robots that can do the
same activities as humans these robots
or cyborgs work as waiters bankers
prostitutes and who knows what else are
may look like a weird guy and maybe he
is but he's just as weird as everyone
else so getting back to the action some
random guy is trying to sell cypress
body to an underground scientist while
cyprus suddenly comes back to life and
kills the scientist or goes to see his
friend dr jiro and tells him he has some
exciting news it seems like dr jira was
able to extract the chip of a cyborg's
head and then he implanted it into the
head of a real human so he created a
cyborg but with a human body it's
cheaper now dr giro gives r a photo of a
girl so he can implant rhea's chip into
her body this is the same girl that was
disappointed because her father wanted
to be buried with a cyborg she's also
the same girl whose dna matched cypress
quest scion scion met are in a
restaurant and she fell in love with him
she had like a fortune cookie but in
chopsticks and she was trying to sell
them to r r took one the chopstick had
an inscription saying they would end up
being together on the bright side you
will end up marrying him the problem is
he will implant the mind of a robot into
you a small sacrifice to be with the man
you love as if he was sherlock holmes r
finds sion and persuades her to see dr
jiro sion is sick and believes r is
trying to help her jiro is ready to
start the surgery but noma our's boss
suddenly arrives to make a cyborg you
need to have a license so noma arrests
dr jiro ria has only a couple of days
left before she stops working but to fix
her jiro needs to be out of jail r is
not so happy with how things are going
so he decides to go ride his motorcycle
with ria to let feelings loose while
riding the bike he decides it's a good
idea to pass by silence house by saying
he passed by his house i'm saying he
passed through his house luckily for him
it was a wooden house so it was easier
to pass through with his motorcycle he
then tells scion to meet him a day later
so he can pay her back for destroying
her house the day of the meeting is the
same day jiro is free again it's also
the day rhea expires another tricky
convenience the day silent r have to
meet sion rejects him due to having had
a rough night so she goes to her
friend's house and sleeps a little bit
cyprus hacked the police security system
so he knows where scion is sion is
almost asleep when her friend suddenly
falls dead to the ground cyprus is now
alone with sion but the police arrive
just as he is about to kidnap her they
start fighting and as we've seen before
the police are under qualified for these
situations they're trying to get cyber
but he and his friend are challenging to
kill suddenly someone throws a smoke
grenade and takes sion with her it was
easy to assume that cypre took scion but
it was r he saved scion i didn't see
that coming cool plot twist noma is
thinking about how bad the police are
and how unfair it is they ever thought
of firing him while looking at the
situation again noma found out something
interesting cyber doctor giro and scion
have the same dna so that means jiro
transferred his consciousness to cyprus
body cyber is about to expire so he
needs a body with the same dna r doesn't
know about this so he goes to take jiro
from prison he will finally make rio
work again while both are happily
leaving the prison noma arrives and
kills jiro poor r every time he's about
to be happy something happens r gives
sound the money he owed and explains
that he wanted to use her body to save
rhea then leaves i'm sure scion will
have trust issues after that sion is
alone again so she's an easy target to
cyper kidnapping her is like taking
candy from a baby he decides to take
over the police headquarters when he
arrives at the police headquarters he
can reach the control center by pointing
a gun at one of the main officers
there's nothing as easy and effective as
that while being there he orders the
officer to program all the fighting
cyborgs with the police data if the
police can't deal with two cyborgs
imagine them fighting against dozen of
them this is gonna be an oil bath get it
blood bath oil bad because the okay in
the meantime our decides that the last
couple of days have been rough so it's
time to take a vacation he and ria are
going to mayoga the city of the
beautiful lake we saw at the beginning
of the movie noma has called r a couple
of times begging him to join the police
force so they can try to save the city r
doesn't answer r is making an
intelligent choice it's obvious cyprus
will defeat the police so why go and
risk your life when you can have a
vacation in a beautiful city with your
expired robot r and ria are sitting on
the same benches in the first scene when
he suddenly gets up and tells her he's
going to buy the tickets if he decides
to save the city i'll be very sad maybe
it's the right thing to do but come on
porrea
back in the police headquarters
everything is a mess the cyborgs are
killing most of the cops that are in
there but noma has a secret weapon he
calls for air support cypress friend
puts a time bomb in his body and starts
running towards the helicopter she runs
down a hallway no more than 3 meters
wide and the helicopter has machine guns
easy job right not for these guys the
cyborg manages to avoid the bullets and
jumps towards the helicopter at the
exact moment of detonation the explosion
wasn't very big so in the end no
policeman died that seems like a victory
to the police to me the bad news is
there are so many cyborgs that it's
impossible for the police to kill all of
them instead they decide to activate the
self-destruction mode the headquarters
will explode in 10 minutes everyone
starts to leave the facility except for
noma he's entirely alone and must fight
against dozens of cyborgs noma starts
killing all the cyborgs that are chasing
him but there are so many of them it's
evident he's gonna die just as a cyborg
is about to kill him r arrives and saves
him sadly r leaves noma to bleed to
death and goes to chase after cypher r
arrives to the room and finds that scion
is trapped in some kind of tank while
trying to do something cypre hits r from
behind cyprus looks very comfortable
fighting against r who is bleeding on
the floor remember how i said r left
noah bleeding to death it was a joke he
was bleeding but the injuries weren't
too serious nomad takes a shuriken which
i'm 101 certain is what you call those
ninja stars the sure can get stuck in
cyprus hand but the interesting thing is
that it was a time bomb cyber dies right
after the explosion noma is so injured
that he falls dead to the ground r is
seriously injured too so he lays on the
floor as he watches nomad die for real
this time sheesh after a few minutes on
the floor ar recovers and takes scion
with him the headquarters will explode
in two minutes they arrive at an
emergency exit that looks like an
elevator r places sion on the elevator
and asks her to find ria i don't know if
the elevator was too small or if he just
wanted to die but let's just say that he
was a hero and sacrificed himself
sion leaves in the elevator while the
building explodes and r dies whilst
everybody is dying in the police
headquarters ria is alone at the station
she was in the same simulation as the
one we saw at the beginning of the movie
when the simulation ends she realizes
that r is trying to save the city
leaving her alone this is way more
emotional than i anticipated she
recollects all the memories she had with
r and proceeds to remove the chip from
her head she is now dead as r's final
wish sion goes to the station to find
rhea she finds her dead and says that
ria at least had someone willing to die
for her something scion doesn't have
scion takes a picture of r and ria as
well as rhea's chip and she buries them
near her father's grave rhea stares at
the city as the movie ends i hope you
enjoyed this video and if you do please
don't forget to hit the like and
subscribe button please let me know if
there's any movie you think i should do
next until the next one